v7.0.0 Stable rebase (#1186)
CanDIG/CanDIGv2: docs/src/content/docs/deployment/local.mdx

### 3.b: Use an existing Conda installation

> If you want to use an existing conda installation on your local at the bottom of the [.env](https://github.com/CanDIG/CanDIGv2/blob/3dcfd2b6a47135d9b632db4c4327cb75bab0768a/etc/env/example.env#L342), set `CONDA_INSTALL` to your existing conda installation path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use an existing conda installation on your local at the bottom of the [.env](https://github.com/CanDIG/CanDIGv2/blob/stable/etc/env/example.env), set `CONDA_INSTALL` to your existing conda installation path
```
